Clarify connector type for SQL Server (#84670)
Azure/azure-content: articles/logic-apps/logic-apps-gateway-connection.md

1. In the Azure portal, create or open your logic app in the Logic App Designer.

> 1. Add a connector that supports on-premises connections, for example, **SQL Server**. Specifcally, this needs to be a [managed connector](/azure/connectors/managed#on-premises-connectors), not a [built-in connector](/azure/connectors/built-in).

Reviewer: @eugman, thanks for your suggestion! Here's my proposed edit. If you agree, please manually accept the edit. Thanks!

```suggestion
1. Add a connector that supports on-premises connections. If this connector has both a [managed version](../connectors/managed.md#on-premises-connectors) and a [built-in version](../connectors/built-in.md), make sure that you use the managed version.
```

Author: Hi thanks for the reminder, I'm still a bit new at this pull request thing :).
